yeah
listen if you wanna put your cake on
this year I'm trying to nail down no
home it's so cool with the size of your
house - yeah
now we kidding straight cheesed up
occasion to persist up with him love him
kneeling in the bank like bogus
disappeared on this night buzzer but
when they get niggas no gunman nice a
bitch another but because it used to be
he said I used to write them off gonna
need someone moving up the baby and my
phone okay for the baby sickness see
myself saying that buddy chases FEMA for
this weather left and fuck that's why
many problems lucky rocks dodgy but
fence and it ended up not because he's
happy funny cuz it's locked up the
steeds to fly off you get used to this
that's a hate and talk got a mistress
the becomes funny what's my business for
a bullet happy face nigga business 24/7
buddy bumping up and touch the screen
guess this opera buffa watching to dance
the beach to my places so cheap this 4/5
in your face Theseus
what did you say she was late she was a
relation to us at City trucks
you